what up guys Jonathan with TLD bringing
guys the full review to the Google Nexus
S manufactured by Samsung this is the
follow-up to the Nexus when it comes
clocked in with a one gigahertz cortex
a8 hummingbird processor features 16
gigs of internal storage it's a little
disappointing however you cannot expand
upon it there are no micro SD card slots
or anything of that nature as far as the
OS goes we are running the latest
Android 2.3 OS codename Gingerbread I'll
go ahead and get more into the OS in a
minute for now I want to jump into the
display of the Nexus S which is a 4-inch
480 by 800 Super AMOLED display you get
235 pixels per inch so that's the
highest resolution screen but I gotta
tell you guys the AMOLED screen does
give you guys a really crisp vibrant
picture the blacks are really deep the
text is crisp and overall I was very
impressed with the display now
additionally something cool with the
phone it has a contour display so the
glasses curved so not only do you get a
curve in the glass but the phone as a
whole so I thought it would feel a
little bit weird but honestly it felt
pretty natural it also helps with
viewing angles can I combine that with
the Super AMOLED display it makes it a
really enjoyable viewing experience on
the phone it was definitely one of the
stronger points of the Nexus S now as we
move on and cover the rest of the
exterior of the Nexus S on the right
side we get the power button on the left
side we get the volume rockers up and
down we get a 3.5 millimeter headphone
jack and as you guys can see right here
we'll get a micro USB 2.0 port now as
far as the camera goes we do get a 5
megapixel camera which brings you up to
a resolution of 2560 by 1920 the video
however isn't HD you get a resolution of
720 by 480 now full 720p is actually
1280 by 720 so it's kind of like make
sure you slap your head you want to
shake Google and Samsung how could you
guys not put HD videorecording
on a high-end phone like this especially
not only is a video not good but the
audio is absolutely terrible sup guys
Jonathan with TLD bring you guys an
unboxing had a video test of the new
Nexus S from Google Samsung doing a one
so the pictures are ok you do have some
options to tweak and go through some
different settings but by far the video
is the Wii
his point on the Nexus S and definitely
a disappointment for possibly a $500
phone if you buy it unlocked
now when I say unlock do you guys can
pick this up for 529 no contract no
commitment that sort of thing scares you
if you do want to grab a two-year
contract with t-mobile you can scoop
this up for $1.99 jumping back real
quick to the camera just covering that
up and finishing that up you do get a
front facing camera which is VGA quality
there's flash not a focus but again the
camera was probably one of the more
disappointing things on the Nexus S
moving on to the meat and potatoes of
the review will talk about the OS did
you guys catch that meat and potatoes
Tech first lunch and dinner food no okay
basically I want to sum it up like this
gingerbread + hummingbird equals win now
previously I have used a few Android
devices I've always thought they were
kind of so-so just thrill didn't feel
quite there just a little bit clunky a
little bit slow I do use an iPhone on an
everyday basis so I do really enjoy the
iOS software however with Gingerbread
2.3 and the hardware on the Nexus S I
was blown away with how fast it is and
honestly it was kind of the first time I
actually sat there with the phone
thinking to myself I could actually use
one of these compared to the iPhone on
an everyday basis so aside from a few UI
tweaks overall the Android 2.3
Gingerbread software is a step in the
right direction compared to previous
os's and it's really promising to what
we can expect from future Android phones
and devices now one of the things we
might not really see right now which we
could really look forward to with
Gingerbread is the implementation of
third-party API which comes down to 3d
rendering and graphics so for gaming's
and things like that now we have the
hardware will actually have the OS and
the capability to take advantage of that
so that's something we should see in a
near future with these Android devices
additionally with the Android software
maybe not new but some of the things I
really enjoyed was the google voice
recognition over all the typing on the
Nexus S was pretty enjoyable I got used
to that very quickly I did like the
ability to quickly turn off Wi-Fi or
adjust the screen brightness compared to
going on my iPhone digging through menus
that was pretty convenient definitely
enjoyed that on Nexus s next I want to
talk about the browser which honestly
was blazing fast compared to Safari kind
of kicked it
but as far as the speed goes it was kind
of cool like I've been having flash on
there we did join the battery a little
bit but overall it was a nice experience
again with typing on the Internet
the overall pinch-to-zoom worked very
well web browsing was definitely one of
the stronger points on a nexus s now I
want to cover the Android Market before
I wrap this up obviously it's gonna pale
in comparison as far as apps and games
on the iPhone 4 with the App Store but
it is a step forward in the right
direction I was surprised to see how
well Angry Birds ran on the Nexus S it
did run smooth there was no lag it
looked great on display obviously it
wasn't as crisp as the Retina display on
the iPhone but it is a good sign if you
guys are picking up an Android phone you
do have a lot more option as far as
games and apps goes so that's definitely
a good thing to come so overall to wrap
up this phone the negatives would be the
camera the video quality and the audio
recording on that besides that the
battery life was soso it's not the
greatest but it's not the worst at the
same time if you can serve it it's gonna
last a little bit longer but again it's
just kind of average as far as battery
life goes on to the good things the
phone is blazing fast 2.3 Gingerbread is
great you do get an amazing web browsing
experience as far as that goes really
kind of almost beats Safari in my
opinion so for 529 or $1.99 with a
contract I'd say if you're into pictures
or video hold off if that's not a huge
deal to you with two point three junior
but it's a great phone definitely
impressed me and really looking forward
to the future of Android phones now I
know with all the technology advanced is
kind of the phones it's kind of what we
forget inspires it because these things
are kind of mini computers as far as the
actual phone portion of this and my area
t-mobile is pretty strong ranges from
three to four bars most of the time so
that will depend on the area in so make
sure to check that out before you go out
and buy this if t-mobile doesn't cover
you in your area obviously you're not
gonna have enjoyable experience and
again if you want to use this on AT&T
you can only get the edge network
however if you do have a strong coverage
with t-mobile this will act as a mobile
hotspot which is very cool another plus
to the Nexus S if you do rely heavily on
pictures or video this is not the phone
for you if you do enjoy games and the
App Store go for the iPhone however if
you want a solid Android phone that's
blazing fast you want a lot of
zatia n-- the nexus s is a great
recommendation i hope you guys enjoyed
this review make sure to check out all
the latest videos covering the Nexus S
including the unboxing the video test
make sure to follow me on Twitter check
out all those links down below and I
will catch you guys later
you